hi everyone welcome to a cardiogram my
name is Esther Eckart and I'd like to
give you a technique that might help you
to fall asleep if you've got trouble
falling asleep so the technique is
basically that you're going to breathe
through the left nostril that might work
for you but if it doesn't and if you
need more I've got a whole class on the
website about 20 minutes that you can
just do before you go to bed and
guarantee to your sleep really really
well and this technique is part of that
whole class ok so basically to breathe
through your nose left nostril what you
need to do is close your right nostril
so you can just close your right nostril
with your thumb maybe your with your
fingers doesn't really matter and start
with an exhalation through the left and
then breathing in and out again so you
just keep the right nostril gently
closed and all you do is take
inhalations and exhalations through the
left nostril and I would recommend doing
that for about five minutes or two to
five minutes and it it's sort of
activates the parasympathetic nervous
system the nervous system that relaxes
everything and it'll put you to sleep if
you want to do this lying in bed right
lie on your right side keeping your
right nostril closed and breathing
through the left nostril till you feel
you're just nodding off and then you can
let go and fall asleep peacefully so
just a technique again if you think you
need a little bit more than just this
one technique go over to my website find
my full class and enjoy better sleep and
you can find my website and the link
here okay thank you so much for joining
me hope this will help you or people you
know and namaste